# Olympic-Stadium-VR

### Project Description
	The general basis of the project is to simulate a track event in an olympic stadium while being in VR. The user will be sitting in a viewing room, where there will be a desk with screens showing different views of track, with another screen showing the view of one camera. With that screen, the user can push a button on the desk to change the view to have a closer look at the field. They will be able to walk around the room, but walking outside the room is something the development team will need to explore more. This is because of the limitations of the stadium model and how much we can pack the stadium without decreasing the performance. 
	There will be 3 running sequences that will take place, the 100, 200, and 400 meter race. These will be shown to the user in a sequence as realistic as possible, with the running animations made through the MOCAP to make the runners look smooth and athletic. As for the audio of the project, there will not be any narration or speaking. The audio will try to simulate a spectator sitting in the audience of the stadium, with cheers when the athletes are running, and quiet talking during the 5-10 second intermission. These audio clips will be grabbed from various sources, one of which is an actual Olympic event.
	As for the technicality of the project, the development team will be using Unity and the Oculus Rift S VR equipment. Some assets have already been purchased for the project, such as the bare bones stadium design. Scripting will be entirely from the development team and so will the implementation.
